internal/adapter/client/client.go:80:1: exported method Client.ListCategories should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:94:1: exported method Client.GetCategory should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:108:1: exported method Client.ListCities should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:122:1: exported method Client.GetCity should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:150:1: exported method Client.GetProduct should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:164:1: exported method Client.ListPrices should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:178:1: exported method Client.GetPrice should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:192:1: exported method Client.ListStocks should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/client.go:206:1: exported method Client.GetStock should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/category.go:12:6: exported type CategoryClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/category.go:17:1: exported function NewCategoryClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/category.go:28:1: exported method CategoryClient.Close should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/category.go:32:1: exported method CategoryClient.ListCategories should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/category.go:75:1: exported method CategoryClient.GetCategory should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/city.go:12:6: exported type CityClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/city.go:17:1: exported function NewCityClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/city.go:28:1: exported method CityClient.Close should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/city.go:32:1: exported method CityClient.ListCities should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/city.go:75:1: exported method CityClient.GetCity should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/client.go:3:6: exported type Client should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/client.go:11:1: exported function NewClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:12:6: exported type PriceClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:17:1: exported function NewPriceClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:28:1: exported method PriceClient.Close should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:32:1: exported method PriceClient.ListPrices should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:70:1: exported method PriceClient.GetPrice should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:70:53: method parameter productId should be productID
internal/adapter/client/grpc/price.go:70:64: method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/adapter/client/grpc/product.go:13:6: exported type ProductClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/product.go:18:1: exported function NewProductClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/product.go:29:1: exported method ProductClient.Close should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/product.go:33:1: exported method ProductClient.ListProducts should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/product.go:82:1: exported method ProductClient.GetProduct should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:12:6: exported type StockClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:17:1: exported function NewStockClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:28:1: exported method StockClient.Close should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:32:1: exported method StockClient.ListStocks should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:70:1: exported method StockClient.GetStock should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:70:53: method parameter productId should be productID
internal/adapter/client/grpc/stock.go:70:64: method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/adapter/client/http/category.go:17:6: exported type CategoryClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/category.go:21:1: exported function NewCategoryClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/category.go:27:1: exported method CategoryClient.ListCategories should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/category.go:63:1: exported method CategoryClient.GetCategory should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/city.go:17:6: exported type CityClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/city.go:21:1: exported function NewCityClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/city.go:27:1: exported method CityClient.ListCities should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/city.go:63:1: exported method CityClient.GetCity should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/client.go:3:6: exported type Client should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/client.go:11:1: exported function NewClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:17:6: exported type PriceClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:21:1: exported function NewPriceClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:27:1: exported method PriceClient.ListPrices should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:45:9: range var productId should be productID
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:49:9: range var cityId should be cityID
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:69:1: exported method PriceClient.GetPrice should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:69:53: method parameter productId should be productID
internal/adapter/client/http/price.go:69:64: method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/adapter/client/http/product.go:17:6: exported type ProductClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/product.go:21:1: exported function NewProductClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/product.go:27:1: exported method ProductClient.ListProducts should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/product.go:72:1: exported method ProductClient.GetProduct should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:17:6: exported type StockClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:21:1: exported function NewStockClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:28:1: exported method StockClient.ListStocks should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:51:9: range var cityId should be cityID
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:74:1: exported method StockClient.GetStock should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:74:53: method parameter productId should be productID
internal/adapter/client/http/stock.go:74:64: method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/adapter/handler/etl.go:16:6: exported type EtlHandler should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/handler/etl.go:26:1: exported function NewEtlHandler should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/handler/etl.go:39:1: exported method EtlHandler.Start should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/handler/etl.go:53:1: exported method EtlHandler.Stop should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/handler/etl.go:67:1: exported method EtlHandler.Status should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/handler/etl.go:80:1: exported method EtlHandler.GetValidProducts should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/repository/storage.go:9:6: exported type Repositry should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/repository/storage.go:16:1: exported function NewRepositry should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/repository/storage.go:23:1: exported method Repositry.SavePair should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/repository/storage.go:27:1: exported method Repositry.ReadPair should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/repository/storage.go:32:1: exported method Repositry.SaveResult should have comment or be unexported
internal/adapter/repository/storage.go:39:1: exported method Repositry.GetResults should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/category.go:3:6: exported type CategoryMain should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/category.go:11:6: exported type CategoryListRep should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/category.go:16:1: exported method CategoryMain.IsValid should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/city.go:3:6: exported type CityMain should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/city.go:12:6: exported type CityListRep should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/city.go:17:1: exported method CityMain.IsValid should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/pagination.go:3:6: exported type PaginationInfoSt should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/pagination.go:8:6: exported type ListParamsSt should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/pair.go:3:6: exported type MarketPair should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/pair.go:4:2: struct field ProductId should be ProductID
internal/core/domain/pair.go:5:2: struct field CityId should be CityID
internal/core/domain/price.go:3:6: exported type PriceMain should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/price.go:4:2: struct field ProductId should be ProductID
internal/core/domain/price.go:5:2: struct field CityId should be CityID
internal/core/domain/price.go:9:6: exported type PriceListRep should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/price.go:14:1: exported method PriceMain.IsValid should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/product.go:3:6: exported type FullProduct should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/product.go:11:6: exported type ProductMain should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/product.go:22:6: exported type ProductListRep should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/product.go:27:1: exported method FullProduct.IsValid should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/product.go:39:1: exported method ProductMain.IsValid should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/status.go:4:2: exported const StatusNotStarted should have comment (or a comment on this block) or be unexported
internal/core/domain/status.go:9:1: exported function StatusToString should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/stock.go:3:6: exported type StockMain should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/stock.go:4:2: struct field ProductId should be ProductID
internal/core/domain/stock.go:5:2: struct field CityId should be CityID
internal/core/domain/stock.go:9:6: exported type StockListRep should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/domain/stock.go:14:1: exported method StockMain.IsValid should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/port/client.go:9:6: exported type CLientI should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/port/client.go:18:32: interface method parameter productId should be productID
internal/core/port/client.go:18:43: interface method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/core/port/client.go:20:32: interface method parameter productId should be productID
internal/core/port/client.go:20:43: interface method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/core/port/repo.go:5:6: exported type Repository should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/port/service.go:3:6: exported type Service should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/port/stock.go:9:6: exported type StockClient should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/port/stock.go:11:32: interface method parameter productId should be productID
internal/core/port/stock.go:11:43: interface method parameter cityId should be cityID
internal/core/service/collector.go:13:6: exported type CollectorService should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/collector.go:24:1: exported function NewCollectorService should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/collector.go:37:1: exported method CollectorService.Run should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/collector.go:53:1: exported method CollectorService.GetServiceName should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/collector.go:57:1: exported method CollectorService.Status should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/collector.go:61:1: exported method CollectorService.Stop should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/collector.go:169:28: method transformIdToCategory should be transformIDToCategory
internal/core/service/collector.go:169:50: method parameter categoryId should be categoryID
internal/core/service/stock.go:13:6: exported type StockService should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:24:1: exported function NewStockService should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:37:1: exported method StockService.Run should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:54:1: exported method StockService.GetServiceName should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:58:1: exported method StockService.Status should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:62:1: exported method StockService.Stop should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:74:1: exported method StockService.SearchStocks should have comment or be unexported
internal/core/service/stock.go:115:1: exported method StockService.CollectStocks should have comment or be unexported
pkg/config/config.go:9:1: comment on exported type Price should be of the form "Price ..." (with optional leading article)
pkg/config/config.go:9:1: comment on exported type Stock should be of the form "Stock ..." (with optional leading article)
pkg/config/config.go:16:2: comment on exported type Product should be of the form "Product ..." (with optional leading article)
pkg/config/config.go:19:3: struct field PortHttp should be PortHTTP
pkg/config/config.go:24:3: struct field PortHttp should be PortHTTP
pkg/config/config.go:29:3: struct field PortHttp should be PortHTTP
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:14:6: exported type PrettyHandlerOptions should have comment or be unexported
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:18:6: exported type PrettyHandler should have comment or be unexported
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:25:1: exported method PrettyHandlerOptions.NewPrettyHandler should have comment or be unexported
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:36:1: exported method PrettyHandler.Handle should have comment or be unexported
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:99:1: exported method PrettyHandler.WithAttrs should have comment or be unexported
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:107:1: exported method PrettyHandler.WithGroup should have comment or be unexported
pkg/lib/logger/logger.go:115:1: exported function SetupPrettySlog should have comment or be unexported
